README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Dhorq/Dhorq/blob/main/black-with-light-coding-alike.gif" alt="logo" width="100%"/>
</p>

<!-- <h1 align="center">Ridho here👋</h1> -->

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=JetBrains+Mono&pause=1000&color=36FF2D&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Hello+there!%F0%9F%91%8B;Welcome+to+my+GitHub!%F0%9F%98%81;I'm+a+passionate+developer!%F0%9F%92%BB;Let's+build+something+together!%F0%9F%9A%80" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://dhorqme.vercel.app/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-dhorq-6366F1?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ridhorifqymuhammad/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
  <a href="mailto:ridhorifqy34@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dhorq"><img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dhorq&color=6366F1&style=for-the-badge" alt="Profile Views"></a>
</p>

---

## What I Do? ᯓ

Computer Science graduate from Bina Nusantara University with a background in data analytics in college, experience as a System Analyst and Data Analyst intern, now consistently focused on Full-Stack Development. Experienced in building scalable web applications using React.js, Node.js, Express.js, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Java. Also building REST APIs, implementing JWT and cookie-based authentication/authorization, bcrypt password hashing, and deploying applications including validation and logging. While my background in system analysis and data is still developing, I am currently highly focused on growing as a software developer. Driven by curiosity and a growth mindset, I am eager to pursue developer role and continuously learn new technologies to deliver meaningful solutions for users.

---

## Featured Projects ⋆. 𐙚 ˚

- **[Tazkez](https://github.com/Dhorq)** - Task Management App.<br>

[→ View all projects](https://dhorqme.vercel.app/)

---

<h1 align="left">𑣲 Tech Stacks</h1>

<h3 align="left">Frontend Development</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" alt="React.js"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" alt="TailwindCSS"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Backend & Database</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=bun&logoColor=white" alt="Bun"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=white" alt="Prisma"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">DevOps & Tools</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Linux"/>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  "<i>builder.</i>"
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README.md for improved clarity and focus
Refined personal introduction and skills summary for clarity and conciseness.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Dhorq/Dhorq/blob/main/black-with-light-coding-alike.gif" alt="logo" width="100%"/>
</p>

<!-- <h1 align="center">Ridho here👋</h1> -->

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=JetBrains+Mono&pause=1000&color=36FF2D&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Hello+there!%F0%9F%91%8B;Welcome+to+my+GitHub!%F0%9F%98%81;I'm+a+passionate+developer!%F0%9F%92%BB;Let's+build+something+together!%F0%9F%9A%80" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://dhorqme.vercel.app/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-dhorq-6366F1?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ridhorifqymuhammad/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
  <a href="mailto:ridhorifqy34@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dhorq"><img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dhorq&color=6366F1&style=for-the-badge" alt="Profile Views"></a>
</p>

---

## What I Do? ᯓ

Computer Science graduate from Bina Nusantara University with academic exposure to data analytics and hands-on experience as a System Analyst and Data Analyst Intern. Currently focused on Full-Stack Development with a strong commitment to building scalable, maintainable, and user-centric web applications.

Proficient in modern technologies including React.js, Node.js, Express.js, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Java. Experienced in developing RESTful APIs, implementing secure authentication and authorization (JWT and cookie-based), applying password hashing with bcrypt, and deploying applications with proper validation, logging, and best practices.

Possess strong analytical thinking, problem-solving skills, and a solid understanding of system design gained from both technical and analytical roles. Driven by curiosity, continuous learning, and a growth mindset, I am committed to evolving as a software engineer and delivering impactful, user-centered solutions.

---

## Featured Projects ⋆. 𐙚 ˚

- **[Tazkez](https://github.com/Dhorq)** - Task Management App.<br>

[→ View all projects](https://dhorqme.vercel.app/)

---

<h1 align="left">𑣲 Tech Stacks</h1>

<h3 align="left">Frontend Development</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" alt="React.js"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" alt="TailwindCSS"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Backend & Database</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=bun&logoColor=white" alt="Bun"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=white" alt="Prisma"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">DevOps & Tools</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Linux"/>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  "<i>builder.</i>"
</p>
